[ Fanfare plays on cellphone ]
[ All chanting "Lulu!" ]
[ Cellphone beeps,
fanfare and chanting stops ]
You believe it?
She scored five goals.
Well, to be fair,
it was the goalie's nap time.
Is this what pride
feels like?
I've never
felt it before.
[ Knock on door ]
You left me
in the car.
Honey, I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
You also left your keys.
Wait. You were in the car
alone with the ‐‐
Yeah, she moved it.
What?!
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding. I'm just kidding.
I've got to go
change Lulu.
She got so excited
about the victory,
she literally
pooped herself.
Whatcha doing?
My puzzle game.
Mm.
You know, Emily, there's still
time to sign you up
if you want to play soccer
like your sister.
I don't want to
kick the ball.
I feel like
I'm hurting it.
[ Sighs ]
We've got to get her
into something besides
that puzzle game.
Yeah.
She's a sweet kid.
The world
is gonna destroy her.
[ Door opens ]
Oh, Jo,
I notice you lose your keys
a lot.
Do I?
Yes, you do.
That's why I thought
you'd like my new purse.
It has a special
key pocket.
Uh‐huh.
And a‐a holder
for your phone.
Neat.
And I call this little
special pouch "the gum zone."
That's really great.
Don't you just love it?
Careful.
I‐I do.
I ‐‐ I do just love it.
I knew you'd love it.
So I got one for you,
too!
Yay.
[ Laughs ]
Now you won't be
a hot mess.
You'll just be hot.
Like me.
We have to do something
about her gifts.
This cannot be my purse.
It looks like
a giant gorilla testicle.
Quick impression ‐‐
me, 10 years ago.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
I gave this bag a shot,
but I can't.
A hawk tried to
steal it from me.
You know,
before I met you,
I never changed my sheets,
and it was fine.
You know [Sighs]
if your mom would stop
spending all her money
on terrible gifts,
maybe she could, like,
chip in on groceries instead.
I know. She keeps eating
all the string cheese.
[ Emily and Lulu screaming ]
Emily: Give it to me!
Lulu: My trophy!
Your turn.
Hey, what's going on?
Lulu wouldn't
give me her trophy.
Oh, Emily.
You know the best way
to get a trophy?
Lulu gives me hers?
No, no, you earn one by
playing soccer, like Lulu.
Nah. I don't want to
lose my weekends.
You know, you don't have to
play a whole season.
Your Tío Chuy
has a soccer clinic,
and if you try it
for a day,
you get
a participation trophy.
Just a day?
And do you promise
I'll get a trophy?
Yes.
Fine.
Are we making
a mistake here?
Definitely, but what are you
talking about?
I don't want to bribe Emily
into playing sports.
I mean, why doesn't she
just like them like we did?
Babe, you remember that moment
in the hospital
when we were alone
with that other couple?
Yeah.
Did we take the right kid?
♪♪
Alright,
my superstar niece is here.
And Emily.
Hi, Tío Chuy.
Why don't you go
run a few suicides,
and we'll start
in a minute?
[ Sighs ]
So, Chuy,
it took a lot of encouragement
to get Emily here today, so...
Ah, you don't know how to
motivate your kid,
so you need me to step in
and save your family.
I got it.
Yep, that's exactly
what we were gonna say.
Hey, Jo,
I love that purse.
Okay. That's it.
It's gone.
Kids, you probably
know who I am.
Local soccer legend,
Chuy Rodriguez.
Chh, chh!
[ Pops lips ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
[ Chuckles ]
Today it is my honor
to introduce you
to the most beautiful game ‐‐
soccer.
And then
you'll all get trophies.
Yay!
Soccer has just a few
simple rules.
Rule number one ‐‐
you can only use your feet.
No hands.
Okay, little early
for questions,
but, uh,
what's up, Emily?
Why can't we use
our hands?
Well, because, uh,
soccer's been around
for thousands of years,
and no one's ever
used their hands.
Yes?
Did people used to
not have hands?
What?
No. No, no, no. People ‐‐
People had hands.
Then why did
they hate them?
Let's not talk
about hands.
If you don't want to
talk about hands,
then why did you
bring it up?
Okay, change of plans.
Uh, we're gonna do
some sprints.
Okay, now, everybody
run between the cones.
[ Blows whistle ]
Hey, uh...
What are you doing?
I'm not allowed
to use my hands.
Well, you ‐‐ you can use
your hands for that.
This is the most confusing thing
that's ever happened to me.
Me, too.
♪♪
[ Groans ]
Hey, uh,
where's my mom's purse?
[ Smacks lips ]
About that.
Oh, no.
You know I love your mom.
You do?
Of course.
[ Scoffs ]
But a purse is
enormously personal.
That's why
they call it a purse.
Hmm. Really?
No.
Oh, my God, babe.
[ Chuckles ]
Look, hon,
I know it's a lot to ask,
but you don't have to use it
the rest of your life.
Just the rest of hers.
You don't get it.
It's different for you, because
you actually like her gifts.
Pbht! What?
No, I don't.
You don't?
No.
Every birthday
since I was 10,
she's given me
a plaid shirt.
You think I like
plaid shirts?
Yes.
You wear one every day.
This is like
a prison to me.
I want to wear
Hawaiian shirts.
Hawaiian shirts!
That sounds very doable.
Why don't you
just talk to her?
Oh, you don't think
I've tried?
Once, in 2005,
I started to,
and she looked at me like that
possum you ran over last year.
[ Whimpers ]
Blblblbl!
Don't ever bring him up.
Okay, look,
i‐i‐in your family,
if you don't like something,
you just tell each other, right?
Yeah.
Well, that's not
how we do it.
[ Scoffs ]
What do you think is gonna
happen if you're honest?
It would
destroy the system.
What system?
The system of never, ever
saying what you think
to avoid releasing a lifetime of
unexpressed emotions.
You're crazy.
Why don't we
go get the kids?
Okay, sure.
[ Sniffs ]
Where are they?
♪♪
Congratulations.
I know participation trophies
are stupid, but ‐‐
So stupid.
...I'm excited
for Emily to get one.
Me too.
Yeah.
She needs a win.
I mean, even just getting her
to participate
was a huge
accomplishment.
Yeah, they should give us
a trophy.
[ Applause ]
Mom, Dad,
I didn't get a trophy.
What?
Tío Chuy
didn't give me one.
Chuy, what the [bleep]
You said every kid
gets a trophy!
If they participate.
Emily did not.
What are you talking about?
Emily didn't
kick the ball once.
She spent six hours trying to
eat a sandwich with her foot.
Well, that's a new
level of weird.
Okay, Chuy,
but she was here,
so Emily should get
a damn trophy.
Jo, attendance is not
the same as participation.
If I give her one,
then a participation trophy
means nothing.
Exactly.
It's just a piece of plastic.
Chuy, come on.
She's been refusing
to play sports for years.
Look, we finally
got her here, okay?
If Emily doesn't
get a trophy today,
I‐I don't think she's ever gonna
try sports again.
So, you guys screw up
for six years,
and you expect me
to fix it in six hours?
That's exactly what you said
you were gonna do.
As much as I love
my niece,
when I get to
the pearly gates,
I don't want
the big guy saying,
"Why did you lie
and say Emily participated?
I expected more from local
soccer legend Chuy Rodriguez."
I'm gonna destroy him
on Yelp.
[ Sighs ]
You promised
if I went to the stupid thing,
I would get a trophy.
Yeah, but you didn't
actually play soccer.
Who cares?
I just want a trophy.
[ Sighs ]
Emily, if Daddy or I
went to work
and didn't do anything,
do you think
we'd still get paid?
Mm, it's kind of
a gray area for me.
Yeah, you know,
government work.
You're always
changing the rules.
[ Footsteps fade ]
Before kids,
did you ever imagine
having a problem like this?
[ Scoffs ] "I don't want to
eat my broccoli"?
Sure.
"Not gonna do my homework."
Heard of that.
"I don't like fun."
It's not something
they tell you about.
The only thing she ever does
without complaining
is that puzzle game.
I know.
I kept thinking this was gonna
get better as she got older.
But now she is older,
and it's not better.
We've tried so many
activities ‐‐ piano, ballet.
She wouldn't even pretend
to have a job in improv.
[ Chuckling ] Oh.
I remember that.
She kept saying,
"I'm unemployed."
[ Laughs ]
I don't know. We ‐‐
We can't give up on her.
We j‐‐ We have to find a way to
get her interested in something.
What are you
talking about?
We were just saying
that we need to get Emily
interested in something.
Oh, you need to get Emily
Right, yes,
I‐I just said that.
But, hey, you know,
since we're all talking...
[ Chuckles ]
Yes?
The purse you got me ‐‐
very thoughtful.
Oh, thank you.
Yes.
However, a purse...
I...
You know ‐‐
Jo lost the purse.
Yes, yes! Yes.
It's so crazy.
You bought me the purse so that
I wouldn't lose my keys,
and then I lost the purse
that was supposed to
help me not lose my keys.
I guess ‐‐ I guess I need
a purse for my purse.
[ Laughs ]
Okay.
[ Door opens ]
God.
I couldn't do it.
I cou‐‐ You were right.
Her whole eye was pupil.
Couldn't just use the purse
for the rest of her life, huh?
Alright,
what happens now?
You're gonna
bury that purse.
[ Fanfare plays on cellphone ]
Okay, Emily.
[ Cellphone beeps,
fanfare stops ]
Open your eyes.
Welcome to
the Olympics of You.
The what of me?
Olympics. Remember?
We watched the summer ones
like three years ago?
I was 3.
Do you remember
when you were 3?
No, but I've had
a lot of drinks.
Look,
i‐in the Olympics,
people participate
in a bunch of different sports.
And you can earn
this trophy
if you try any of the sports
on this lawn.
Take your time, honey.
See what speaks
to you.
Hello?
It's not saying anything.
Okay, that ‐‐ No, that's just
a figure of speech.
Here. How does the ball
feel in your hands?
This one's too hard.
This one's too soft.
This one's gonna be
just right.
I hate this one!
[ Fanfare plays ]
Oh!
Basket.
Great job, Lulu!
See? It's not hard.
Lulu did it.
If Lulu can do it,
I‐I bet you can, too.
You like Lulu
better than me.
Hey, Lulu.
Read the room.
[ Suspenseful music plays ]
Just draw a dagger
through my heart.
What color?
Hey, Em,
can we talk to you?
Hey, we don't
like Lulu better than you.
Yeah, there are no favorites
in this family, okay?
I mean, you know,
it's like Mom and me.
You don't have a favorite,
right?
Yeah, I do. It's Mom.
Don't answer tha‐‐
It was a hypothetical.
You ‐‐
Look, we're just trying
to get you interested
in something other than
your puzzle game.
I love that game.
We know.
There's just
a lot more to life.
Than doing what you love?
Yes.
The real lesson here is
that there's a whole,
big world out there, baby,
and you should
try new things.
No, thanks. I just want to
lay in bed and play my game.
Okay.
Then the real,
real lesson here
is that no matter what,
you're special,
and we love you, okay?
I love you, too.
Even though Lulu has two
trophies and I have none.
Oh, God. She's doing
your mom's pupil thing.
You know what?
Hold that thought.
Here.
This is for being
a great kid.
[ Gasps ]
Okay, we're done here.
Thank you. Bye.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Thank you. Bye‐bye‐bye.
Bye‐bye‐bye‐bye.
Thank you,
thank you, thank you.
Did we just get played?
Well, she's not doing sports,
she didn't learn anything,
we gave her a trophy,
and got kicked out of her room.
So, yeah.
Oh, Jo.
Jo: Mm.
Would you get me
a diet soda from the fridge?
Sure.
Thanks.
Aah!
Something wrong, Jo?
You look as though
you've seen a ghost.
The purse.
[ Exhales sharply ]
You found it.
How?
I put a tracking tile
in it.
Well, you do lose things
and you said
you liked it a lot,
and I found it
in a bag in a hole.
Oh, Bill,
do you know
anything about this?
I told her not to,
Mommy.
Nice.
It seems
we need to talk.
What is going on here?
[ Sighs ]
Okay, this has gone on
long enough.
I have to come clean.
Bill hates plaid shirts.
Jo hates the purse.
Bill hates everything
you've ever given him!
Jo ran over a possum!
[ Gasps ]
So, you don't like
my presents?
Mom, listen, w‐w‐we ‐‐
we appreciate them so much.
But, yes, we hate them.
Oh.
Alright, I'll cool it
on the presents.
That's it?
Yeah, what did you think
was gonna happen?
Nah, I knew you'd be
totally cool with it.
Yeah, I'm cool.
Okay,
so you're not mad?
Why would I be mad?
I‐I‐I‐I only
give you gifts
because
I don't contribute.
I don't pay rent.
I‐I don't buy groceries.
Now I can stop.
Okay, great.
Thank you!
Bye!
Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye.
Bye. Bye. Bye.
Feels like
we just got played again.
You know what?
Who cares if she buys groceries.
I can finally wear
Hawaiian shirts.
And I can use
my old purse.
Oh. [ Chuckles ]
Emily: [ Singsong voice ]
Mom. Dad.
And it feels like we're gonna
get played a third time.
♪♪
[ Normal voice ] Watch.
[ Fan whirs ]
Oh.
I built the thing
from the iPad game.
Emily,
this is amazing.
I‐I am so proud of you.
Wait. Hold on. Thi‐‐ This is why
you wanted the trophy?
I should've just
given it to you.
I know you don't like Lulu
better than me.
I just said that 'cause I knew
you were gonna give me a trophy.
And you did.
You guys are a puzzle,
and I figured you out.
[ Laughing maniacally ]
Hey, babe.
Hm?
What do you think,
the one with a lot of pineapples
or the one with
all the hot sauces?
[ Knock on door ]
I'll get that.
You're very busy.
[ Sighs ]
Chuy.
I've given this
a lot of thought,
and some things are more
important than participation.
One of them is family,
which is why I'm here ‐‐
Chuy, stop talking.
It's all settled.
It is?
Yeah,
she just wanted the trophy
for this, like, crazy,
cool machine thing.
Ha‐ha!
God is so funny.
Here I am, about to compromise
everything I hold dear
to make a child happy,
and He shows me
that rules are more important
than children.
Have a great night!
[ Door closes ]